(DOCSP-34055): Swift: Add docs for wait for upload/download (#3076)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/sdk/swift/sync/sync-session.txt

.. include:: /includes/when-to-pause-sync.rst

.. _swift-sync-wait-for-changes:

Wait for Changes to Upload or Download
--------------------------------------

To wait for all changes to upload to Atlas from your synced realm,
call ``realm.syncSession?.wait(for: .upload)``. 

To wait for all changes on Atlas to download from the Device Sync 
server to your synced realm, call 
``realm.syncSession?.wait(for: .download)``.

You can use these methods with Swift's async/await syntax, or with the 

> callback syntax. The callback version can take a queue to dispatch the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
callback syntax. The callback version can take a queue for callbacks
```
Optional edit for clarity, continued in next comment. Think "queue to dispatch the callback onto" is unnecessarily complex.

> callback onto, and a block to invoke when waiting is complete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and a block to invoke when waiting is complete.
```

> callback onto, and a block to invoke when waiting is complete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and a block to invoke when waiting is complete.
```
